Update to HealthLake examples (#9096)
aws/aws-cli: awscli/examples/healthlake/tag-resource.rst

**To add a tag to data store**

The following ``tag-resource`` example shows how to add a tag to a data store. ::

    aws healthlake tag-resource \
        --resource-arn "arn:aws:healthlake:us-east-1:123456789012:datastore/fhir/0725c83f4307f263e16fd56b6d8ebdbe" \
        --tags '[{"Key": "key1", "Value": "value1"}]'

This command produces no output.

> For more information, see 'Adding a tag to a data store <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/healthlake/latest/devguide/add-a-tag.html>'__ in the *AWS HealthLake Developer Guide.*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see `Adding a tag to a data store <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/healthlake/latest/devguide/add-a-tag.html>`__ in the *AWS HealthLake Developer Guide.*.
```
